<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <title>Meetings - Team Toros</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css">
</head>
<body>
    <header>
        <nav>
            <ul>
                <li><a href="index.html">Home</a></li>
                <li><a href="about_us.html">About Us</a></li>
                <li><a href="meetings.html">Meetings</a></li>
				<li><a href="upcoming_schedules.html">Upcoming Schedules</a></li>
            </ul>
        </nav>
    </header>
    <main>
        <h1>Meetings</h1>
        <ul class="meetings-list">
            <li>
                <h3>9/3/24 - Attendees: Nathan, Jaron, Brett, Yash</h3>
                <p>Discussion of project ideas. Decided on Biometric authentication ideas.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <h3>9/4/24 - Attendees: Nathan, Jaron, Brett, Yash</h3>
                <p>Discussion of more project ideas. Decided on presenting several ideas to professor:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>Tinder for Forests</li>
                    <li>Real-time music collaboration tool</li>
                    <li>Location-based media recommendations</li>
                </ul>
            </li>
            <li>
                <h3>9/5/24 - Attendees: Nathan, Jaron, Brett</h3>
                <p>Discussion of SRS and splitting up the Report into sections for each member to accomplish. Development of interview questions to ask interviewees. Discussing implementation methods of CollaBand (Peer-to-peer vs. Client-Server).</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <h3>9/10/24 - Attendees: Nathan, Jaron, Brett</h3>
                <p>Discussing more details of what features CollaBand will have (users, projects, tutorials). Discussing Presentation roles and slideshow creation by member.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <h3>9/13/24 - Attendees: Nathan, Jaron, Brett</h3>
                <p>Creating system diagram and discussing technologies to implement.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <h3>9/16/24 - Attendees: Nathan, Jaron, Brett</h3>
                <p>Revising system diagram. Discussing finalizing touches on Report and Presentation.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <h3>9/19/24 - Attendees: Nathan, Jaron, Brett</h3>
                <p>Practicing presentation and reviewing presentation slides for quality. Discussing final touches of the report and presentation.</p>
            </li>
			<li>
                <h3>10/2/24 - Attendees: Nathan, Jaron, Brett</h3>
                <p>Discussing work division and planning for Stage 2 report and presentation.</p>
            </li>
			<li>
                <h3>10/9/24 - Attendees: Nathan, Jaron, Brett, Yash</h3>
                <p>Practicing presentation and reviewing presentation slides for quality. Discussing final touches of the report and presentation.</p>
            </li>
			<li>
                <h3>10/16/24 - Attendees: Nathan, Jaron, Brett, Yash</h3>
                <p>Discussing implementation plan, roles for each group member, and areas of focus for implementation.</p>
            </li>
			<li>
                <h3>10/17/24 - Attendees: Nathan, Jaron, Brett, Yash</h3>
                <p>Discussing Back-End socket implementation and PostgreSQL functionality in conjunction with the Django web-server.</p>
            </li>
			<li>
                <h3>10/26/24 - Attendees: Nathan, Jaron, Brett, Yash</h3>
                <p>Discussing Socket Front-end implementation, UML diagram revisions, and familiarizing all members with how the project works.</p>
            </li>
			<li>
                <h3>11/1/24 - Attendees: Nathan, Jaron, Brett, Yash</h3>
                <p>Finalizing code functionality, report and presentation organization. Discussing socket Front-end and music editor functionality.</p>
            </li>
			<li>
                <h3>11/2/24 - Attendees: Nathan, Jaron, Brett, Yash</h3>
                <p>Recording demonstration video and finalizing codebase. Discussing final touches and reviewing report and presentation.</p>
            </li>
			<li>
                <h3>11/9/24 - Attendees: Nathan, Jaron, Brett, Yash</h3>
                <p>Discussing Stage 4 work (i.e. interviews, features to focus on, and installation and user guides).</p>
            </li>
			<li>
                <h3>11/11/24 - Attendees: Nathan, Jaron, Brett, Yash</h3>
                <p>Troubleshot CollaBand project together and discussion of current progress.</p>
            </li>
			<li>
                <h3>11/18/24 - Attendees: Nathan, Jaron, Brett</h3>
                <p>Discussing final preparations for submission and finalizing report and presentation.</p>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </main>
</body>
</html>
